New in version 1.1 - 2010/09/30
      Initialized git repository
      Added project code.
      Added compilation option -pthread for unix.
      Added tests and coshell.
      Added distant shell plugin
      Added link to boost thread
      Added definition of HAVE_LIBBOOST_THREAD
      Added lots of missing libraries for link.
      Reorganized libraries.
      Added exception dg-middleware.     Removed reference to sot-core.
      Changed the lib names listed in the .pc
      Corrected typo in coshell     Corrected wrong link libraries being output to the .pc file.
      Removed CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX in INSTALL directive.
      Ported Olivier's StackOfTask commit d0c818d915cc1c3e15 and 7f2a0f265ef7071.
      Corrected wrong include paths.
      Changed location of coshell executable.
      Modified include directories.
      Forced boost version to 1.41 (for boost::thread)
      Made boost components required.
      Simplified the use of boost in cmake.
      Added missing include directory for source headers.
      Added uninstall target. Started documentation.
      Merge branch 'master' of git+ssh://softs.laas.fr/git/jrl/frameworks/dg-middleware
      Added forgtten file cmake uninstall.
      Added (succint) documentation for dg-middleware.
      Install idl file server-command.idl into share/
      Changed install path of coshell executable. Also updated documentation.
      Simplified looking for boost libraries (trust pkg-config)
      Remove unnecessary file common.idl.
      Make CORBA errors more explicit in coshell.
      Rename coshell into dg-coshell.
      Add man page for dg-coshell.
      Rename man page to allow CMake generation.
      Merge INSTALL and README into the new Markdown-enabled README.md file
      Rewrite AUTHORS file.
      Rewrite NEWS file.
      Add LGPL-3 license header.
      Add LGPL-3 license.
      Set version number to 1.0.0.99
      Debianize package.
      Add omniorb4 to build requirements of the Debian package.
      Add omniidl to build requirements.
      Fix package as no shared library is installed by this package (only plug-in).
      Fix Debian package.
      Add libboost-program-options-dev as build requirement.
      Fix typo in Debian control file.
      Add libjrl-maldev as build requirement.
      Add generation and installation rules for man pages.
      Suggest rlwrap and recommends omniidl in the Debian package.
      Merge branch 'master' of ssh://softs.laas.fr/git/jrl/frameworks/dg-middleware
      Fix typo in man page.
      Install man page in Debian package.
      Add perl to build requirements (for man page generation).
      Search for pod2man properly.
      Enhance man page.

